 Our Observation 

what we observe there was a registration desk as u enter the building and there was a counter where the staff was sitting and they were booking appopiment for visit to dermatologistboth on call and on the spot.they were writing it in the a book by hand and they were maintaining a register of all the patientswith phone number date of visit and the name of the patient. but it was not organize properly, some days the date was missing and where the days resistation begains was  not proper. this led to a lot of confusion and the required data may be lost .
the appopiment fee was only 200 rupees, alos the staff was nice there was two ladies working at the counter maintaing the flow of the patients and the staff was very nice and helpful. And a Female doctor (dermatologist) was also there.they ask u to maintain a file where all the previous visit it mostly incllude which medicine she gave and may be some remarks. But after that they asy you to take images of the issue and maintain it until the tretment is ove and it was taken on every visit. Mostly to observe the progress of the patient.
Each visit was taken on an average of 10 minutes. and the gap between each visti was nearly 1 min . the patient was provided instruction to take medicine and creams for a month (in most cases). They say result will be visible within 2 weeks. also in some cases the recovery was possible in 3 visits.
There are two types of medicine is provided by the doctor. one is what doc provide it mostly include two creme (if it is a skin issue) and a liquid . and the other is what patient buy it mostly include tablets ,sirium ,gel, facewash and face cream(can differ as per the issue).
mostly the doc provide the branded medicine and the patient was asked to buy the medicine from the nearest shop and for some reason the medicine will not be available in any othe shops expect that one. Most of the doc as a tie up with the big company to recommend their medicine to the patient.and they provide handsomly to the doc to recommend their medicine to the patient. and they are freking expensive most of the time. it can cost upto 2000 rupees for a month or more. which is a huge amount for a month most of th indian cusomer can't afford it.
Some of the medicine do have alernate generic medicine which is available in the market at a much lower price. but it is hard to find and without knowing where to look they just purchase the branded one , some  patient try to fingd online but they do not have proper knowledge of the medicine and the side effects of the medicine. and what is in the medicine, their search include only the name of the medicine (mostly brand name) and not he content or the active components of the medicine. Which is not good they might harm the patient if any side effect is there. Also sometimes a the branded medicine is are cheaper online and patient are not aware about it. 
the operating hours of the clinic was from 10 am to 12 pm and 2 pm to 7 pm.with sunday closed. the clinic was located in the midle of the city and it was easy to reach.